Bubencov Tigor
                                                                       
Date of Birth: 03/03/1890 (124 years)
                                                                       
Town of Kherson, Ukraine
                                                                       
Telephone : +38 (050)-123-4567
                                                                        
E-mail:  bubenchik@gmail.com

Objective

To work for IT company. To improve the work process and implement work experience to increase efficiency and quality. 

Work experience

07/2014 – 02/2015 (8 months)
Limited Liability Company «Delta Agency», Kherson, Ukraine.
Position : Ship Agent.
05/2013 – 07/2014 (14 months)
 Public Joint-stock Shipping Company  “Ukrrichflot” 
Position : Ship Agent.
07/2014 – present time (6 years)
 «Agent company» LLC
Position : Ship Agent.

Responsibilities :

• Manage the day to day Agency functions for terminal and vessel operations in the ports of Kherson, Ukraine. • Communicate with stevedores, port captains, contractors and terminal services provider and ensure no delays are incurred and all operations are executed as planned. • Coordinate vessel arrivals and departures with appropriate parties ( i.e.: terminal , tugs, lines, pilots, etc.. ) to facilitate smooth berthing and un-berthing and avoid any unnecessary expenses. • Approve and review and process all port and vessel related invoices. • Inform all internal and external departments and groups (i.e.: Client,  , Vendor Representatives, Contractors, Stevedores, Terminal Operators and Agents Consecutive ports) and provide vessel’s ETA, ETB , time of arrival, progress in port and estimated time of departure (ETD), actual departure time, ETA next port • Updated company and client systems with the appropriate information to keep their tracking systems up to datevdfsfs • Prepared documents packages to submit for customs and immigration clearance • Was available 24 hours on the phone to gather relay and disburse vessel related information as to troubleshoot problems as they arise. • Explored possibilities for improvement and improved procedures and tasks fulfillment in order to increase efficiency and save time. • Work additional hours + nights and weekends to ensure all vessels are covered adequately and no delays are incurred for any party. • Coordinate 10+ vessel calls per month . • Liaise with the authorities , vendors and terminals to assure no time is lost during a vessel’s call.  

   Employment history :

Participated in program «Work and Travel» in United States:    
06.2010-09.2010: water park «Six Flags», Сalifornia , position : Lifeguard. 06.2009-09.2009: restaurant chain «Wendy’s»,Massachusetts , position: crew member
02.2015-03.2015: l’épicerie sociale a Grand Couronne, France. Position: volunteer. 

Education :

Kiev National Taras Shevchenko University,  Department of Mathematic (Master’s degree) 2007 – 2012.
Qualifications: the Master of Mathematics, teacher of the Mathematics.  

Computer skills :
Internet, ОS Windows 7/XP,Mac OS, MS Office, base knowledge of HTML+CSS, Git, Git Hub

Languages : English – fluent , Ukrainian – native, Russian – native.

Marital status :  married, don't have children.

Carrier profile  : analitical mind, hard worker, responsible, team worker, stress resistant, sociable, purposeful, able to think through the steps ahead, punctual,  friendly, self-confident in their abilities.

Interests: skiing, volleyball, ping-pong , travelling, new communications.




